#CREATION

This repository was created by the course at 
codeschool.com in Elementary Git when it asked 
permission to use my GitHub account for the
course. 

#HISTORY

The course took me through a set of steps that 
added and deleted these simple files, leaving 
the repository in a final condition where none
of the files were left and it was empty, I suppose,
ready for deletion.  

#CLEAN-UP

I almost got rid of the waste of space, but it 
seemed to me that it would be useful to have one
repo that was non-critical, something with which 
I could play in order to practice and plan my 
workflow and forking for a current project -- 
without jeopardizing that project.

#THE PRESENT

I thought it would be good practice to take it 
back to the state where the simple files were 
still there.  After all, I hadn't really paid any 
attention to what was in them -- I just looked at
the bigger picture of putting modules in and 
getting them out.  

#THE MANIPULATION

I used git reset --hard 3852b4d in order to go 
back to the point in time when all of the files
were present, and I'm writing this README in vim 
so that I can try out some git tools in vim.  

I guess I'll be pushing this in one way or 
another and now I want to see how much of this
can be done right in the editor.  That would be 
an improvement over the headaches all my other 
old revision tracking software gave me:  When I 
saw that Bram Moolenaar was using mercurial and 
found it so simple, I was going to choose it.  It 
looks as though the diffs are about that to which 
I've become accustomed.  But so many more people 
with whom I want to do business have adopted git, 
that, once again, that has vectored my decision.
